
# Final Project.
This is an improved version of homework 7. 
## How does it work?
This new version allows a user to register into the system, clock in for work, log into the system and exit the program. Once the user registers, they will automatically receive 
a PIN generated by the system. They will also have the option to input a username and choose the departement they will like to work at. Once the user inputs all of that info, it
will be stored in a .txt file. 

To clock in, the user will need to input their PIN. Once the PIN is verified they can work. The program will simulate an entire month (4 weeks), in which the user can work up to
24 days, and 1 to 16 hours per day. The payment system depends on the amount of hours a user works. If the user works in total more than 192 hours, any amount of hours after that
will be counted as extra hours, which are worth 20% more than a regular hour. Also, user gets paid more or less depending on the departement they choose.

Once they finish working, the system will calculate the performance of the employee based on the amount of hours they worked during the whole month. The system will print a 
message letting the user know if they were fired or if they worked well enough. Then they will need to clock out. If a user is fired, they won't be able to clock in again.

An employee can log into the system to know stuff like their balance or the total amount of hours they've worked; when they log in they will be sent to the "user menu". If the
employee works on the department 5 (administration departement) they'll have the option to either go to the "user menu" or go to the "admin menu". The admin menu contains special
options to print reports, like a total worked hours report or an attendance report. These reports contain the information of all the users that have been registered in the system
and that have worked.

Besides all of this, the program does also have functions to verify the PIN of a user by reading a file containing the info of all the users registered, to verify in a user has
been fired, to calculate the performance of a user and update their data to fire them if necessary and to print information stored on .txt files.

## Links.

[Program execution](https://youtu.be/LqWsCIPSBY0)

## Autoevaluation.

Complexity - 3: It was more demanding to code than the last homeworks, despite this project being just an improved version of a homework.

Functionality - 2: When you log in and try to print your balance or your total worked hours, it prints all, not just yours.

Code - 3: I took the time to clean up my code and to simplify some functions.

Storage - 2: It only stores info in .txt files and temporary variables.

Documentation - 3:  I believe my documentation and the video are fine.

CF: 13.


## References:

Kernighan, R. W. D. B. M. (2021). The C Programming Language by Brian W. Kernighan, Dennis M. Ritchie (1988) Paperback. Prentice.

Silverman, J. H. (2007, 15 Jan). The C Reference Card (ANSI). CRefCardVolume2.

[Information about strcpy](https://www.cplusplus.com/reference/cstring/strcpy/)

[Information about scanf](https://medium.com/@zoha131/fun-with-scanf-in-c-3d7a8d310229)

[Information about handling files](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/file-handling-in-c-how-to-open-close-and-write-to-files/)

[Info on how to get date and time](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1442116/how-to-get-the-date-and-time-values-in-a-c-program)
